nah man fuck this woman i baiscally g odwnaisrs you kow i dont even care i trust my perspective and its the onyl t hing i have so basically he was just acting so so so so antagonistically for no fucking reason??? obivously she mgiht hvea reaosn but she never ever stated that reason she just started basically shoutign and screaming and throwing atemertatrum ikea child for no reason whatsoever man. nah if she is gonna act like this i dont want her in my life fuck this woman burh. yeah if she is gonna act antagonistictll and shout and scream for literally 0 reason then i am just gonna leave her alone nah . rather not risk that bullshit because now i have this emotion to process ebcause i was disrespced she wasnt talking to me respectfully and just randomly chirping in her opinions that i dont give a fuck about and yeah so its not worht talking to her if i am gonna get this worked up over it just talk to my mom my ddad doesnt care if i tak to my siter so i can just not talk to her but if i just talk to my mom when she is in a good mood then its fine. ill be able to not be kicked out stay here and wont have to get a maintanece orprotection orer and i ican get uni money and hten leave. ok nice. its really really really not worth it tbh i feel like yeah. its like giga not worth it. i feel like that she was litearlly just being a nob because hse had something against me and i didnt like tat and voied that out not the best way tbh but idc about them or my relaitonhsip with them so its fine i am not planning on having any rleaitonship with them so yeah. i am just gonna leave her. idc whether she is in a good mood or bad mood maybe when she is in a good mood then. i coudl maybe talk to her when she seems to be in a good mood. but liek as i am saying this jornaign time is distarcitn me form my work and is reducing my will pwoer forhte day so its just not worth risking that being the case if i talk to her. fuck this woman on god. so basically eyah im not talkign to her from now on. fucking hate this woman too huh its fine. im just gonna mop as quickl as possible. fuck her man. oh my god. i feel like yeah. i cant wait. fuck this shit man. i hate these people lets just mop the room quickly and then yeah just leave the bathroom or we can do the bathroom quick acutally jsut whole room very quickly go go go. and yeah then everything will be fine