ive realised something my hands have always been somewhat nub so baiscally using hte laptop hasnt dne anyhtigfor that they have just always been this way there is nothing i can do abouthtis this is just the way my hands are because of stress not realted to how i sit thats making my hands numb its just stress which is quite sad but i mean like it is what it is i cant really help it now s geh lets make the best outof what we have so basically yeah i really do feel like that my hands always felt like this just because i journal and shit and use y insula a lot more than before thats why i noticed it now so mi thinm my ands were always numb holy shit... nvm HOLY SHit nmvmshesh. anyways so bsaically eyah. it still feels werid are you sure my hands are normal i feel like they are yeah mabe you just naturally cant feel your face or hands??? because of stres  mean there is only one way to test this theory and hat is to take drugs to cam down and see if the effect continues r somethng or perahp it just stays the same. i still feel worried.

wat was o wtriyng to figure out again. i think i was trying to figure out baiscally how i felt so then how do you feel. i feel very anxious like worreid that i am doing something that is harming my body like for example lets say i am sitting like in a pstion that is bad for my blood flow to my fingers and then that causes me to like feel tingling in my fingers or lose senssitoan but what if its just strss and anxiety like for example i am so focused on like what these other people are juding me that i just find it super hard to focus on. yeah true it could be stress related or could be like posture related i have no idea. i just wish i knew that these people werent talkinga bout me but i have no idea. also i wish i knew that i wasnt pinching my nerves from my sitting posiiton i reallywish i knew that. but honestly i have no idea.hmmmmm. i mean like how could i figure it out. i mean i could change pstion and see if my condtion imrpves which ifound nothign basically happen so yeah i assume that basically it doesnt work. yeah. i feel like that like yeah. it just doesnt make much sense does it. like yeah it doesnt make any sense to me that my hands feel this way and i have no idea why. i feel like that yeah. i mean i only started ntocing numbness in my hands lieka few days ago maybe this is just a new physcial sesnation of mine that i never had before like yeah. i feel like taht that is probably true. i feel like that yeah. that makes sense. but how did i ust randomly unlock his phycsia lsenseiton well perhaps just from not being around my house that muhc and hten also the journaling just unlocked my whole brain then i just strated noticing the weakness in my hands i feel like i really didnt notice it before until yestrday. i feel like yeah. it makes sense. weird. is htis a nromal thing? it ver much could be i mean i kind of have pins and needsl in my feet too so is tha tnow also because of me resting on my back or just stress??? and i just only recetnyl discovered these senstaions of body. ok fuck it. lets make some kind of plan and a rule of when and when we cantthin abu tit, k so basically what we are gonna do is if this feeling GETS WORSE. ONLY IF IT GETS WORSE. hten what we are gonna do is like try to do something about it. if it doesnt get worse. then hmmm if it doesnt get worse then i guess idk??? if it doesnt get worse we will not act on it and just chill i guess. ok so what is oyr rule now so basically we shall go to the doctor??? and talk to them about it??? i guess i mean idk what else to do to be blunt. i guess lets hmmm. lets go to work or perahps lets. idk try sit in a new postion i guess. ok sit in a new position and then also if worse omes to worst go to hte docotr. ok so i thin wkwe are finally ready to get back to work and just chill and work for the rest of the day. i guess eyah ok finallylets go. ok i feel alot more comfortable iwth my numb hands which has unriocnaly made them feel less numb. oh my god. ok hoenstly i sohuld go to a dcotro about this. and rather not just like lsiten to the internet because like a medical professional can make a differential diganosis and idk how to. so naoscally whenever i feel stressed for a prolonged period of time then basically my hands start becoming numb and my feet and my blood veselels with those parts strat to narrow thats fucing weird. my hands still feel like numb and shit but perahps ths is how i always felt and i am just calm now noticing this. finallyfor the first time. wow that is quite a sad yet happying though??? like i should of ntoiced this before but also like taht means i am progressing thank the lord.

my hands still feel numb but they might of always felt numb because of stress and still are because i am basically permanently stressed the fuck out so yeah. that makes sense to me. that sucks but yeah. it sskcs that i have actual physcial symptoms now of my stress and anxiety. shit i mean what do we do then about the anxiety i mean recongizing it is already a W but then what are we gonna do aboutit . i have no idea.  im ean like idk what we could do??? my hand still feel quite uncfmratbel but yeah i mean stress does that. i guess xD. stress and anxiety has biolgcial changes and physiolgical cahnes and phsycological changes like everyhting i nyour body hcangs edue to stress tahts why its not good... oof. well i mean eventually when i mvoe out i can say good bye to my stressors or stress causers i nmy life my parents and family then when i am finally all alone i can conitue my lifes journey without limitations thats gonna be fucking great. this is nrmal rowan dw. its just caused by stress. it stressed me out though which increases my sters which then makes my hands and feet tingle even more. i feel like yeah. that is quite crazy. so baiscally dam we geoing deep into marketing and i feel stressed again. oh my god i can feel my sters. i have never had taht before and its terrifiying. i can feel my stress. and htis aint my body malunctioning nah this is just stress. tis is a first for my experince i am gonna go for awla now. i feel like  iwant to leave now like i can. holy shit this anxiety fels insane like i feel like my mind i being litreally split into like 10 piecs how do i focus. i have never felt this before i have been in a stressed or anxious sate for a lng ass time but this is the first time i can genuinely feel my mind is ust being pulled apart holy shit. i can feel it. my fingers dont feel like anything i feel like there is osmething i my throat that is preventing me from breathing i feel my tesntio being shredded and just split into everything around me. i feel it. i can even feel m mind . wow i can even feel my sesne of hearing become heighhtened and just focused on everything that everyone around me is say . i can ntoice the dissciaiton. ohly crap am i cncious. did i gain conciousness or someting??? i feel like my mind has become concious or something what the fuck. i can ntoice myself disscaite like i can remian concious durig dissciaton. what the fucj. what is going on maybe i sohuld take a brea. why am i looking left. bro this is abit much for me. i feel like i am almost like gaining conciousness for the first time.